Make Cypher 25 the default query language (#1483)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/introduction/index.adoc

Cypher is Neo4j’s declarative query language, allowing users to unlock the full potential of property graph databases.

[NOTE]
====
This manual covers Cypher 25.
As of Neo4j 2025.06, all new Cypher features are exclusively added to Cypher 25, while Cypher 5 is frozen.

> As of Neo4j 2026.02, Cypher 25 is the default query language for new databases.

Reviewer: When using the default config? 😅 not sure how to word this better, but technically the default is still Cypher 5 because if they don't use the default config, then that is what they'll get

Author: how about "As of Neo4j 2026.02, new databases have Cypher 25 set as the default query language in their configuration file." ?

Reviewer: Yeah, that is better!

> As of Neo4j 2026.02, Cypher 25 is the default query language for new databases.

Author: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 2026.02, new databases explicitly set Cypher 25 as their query language in their configuration file.
```
